did you know that drinking two cups of
cold water on an empty stomach improves
your metabolism by up to 30%
what what do you think that's measuring
just just think about the measurement
there do you know that drinking two cups
of cold water that's what she says quote
can boost your metabolism by thirty
percent think about the math thirty
percent of what is being boosted I'm
gonna give you the real number in just a
second okay chuka is just says cold
water two cups of cold water can boost
your metabolism and let's think about
this in biological and evolutionary
terms if you're talking with thirty
percent of your total caloric intake for
the day which is what she's talking
about
shet sasshi misinterprets this figure
then you're telling me that in
evolutionary history over the last
several million years as we progressed
from hominids to humans as human society
went from the the great plains of
northern Africa to building cities and
civilizations Kay the drinking two cups
of cold water she just says cold water
would increase the number of calories
you need to survive by thirty percent do
you do you think we would have made it
as a species if that were true or if it
were true we would be an incredibly
water of earth species movie a species
who would die by drinking too much water
very easily drinking jewish water be a
huge health problem if drinking cheap
cups of cold water increased your daily
caloric needs which is how she
interprets the word metabolism here
you're about to hear we be doomed
so you can burn more calories while
sleeping
another super simple hack to lose weight
is actually to turn down your thermostat
science is showing that your body burns
slightly more calories in the cold
spending warm temperatures scientists
have found that laughing intensely for
an hour to burn as many as 100 calories
this actually proves that eating from
the qualify think you're eating or that
you actually our study found that eating
food off the plate with contrasting
colors will help people reduce the
amount that they're eating I'm gonna
soon all right so let's um let's let's
get deep here people let's deal with
health advice from wengie and let's
let's face it you can't trust your
doctor or you can't trust your high
school principal you can't trust the
cops you can't trust the cops but we got
people from Chicago in the chatting room
right now you can't trust the cops but
you can trust wengie earning an extra
30% is like 300 calories so that is
actually her claim is that you will burn
an extra 30% of total cow and look I
assume she did read this garbage
somewhere on the Internet but I also
assume she never pause to think about
what the word metabolism really means um
let's find out how much what is your
increased caloric need in a given day by
drinking cold water the statistic
pertains to ice water so not just cold
water not just cool water ice water okay
if you drink one glass of ice water
you burn an extra eight calories eat
calories for every one cup of is a
standard cup of ice water not cool water
not colder than room temperature order
ice water why is that again basically
because it's disruptive to your body if
you're shocking your body with ice-cold
water your body has to respond and warm
itself up if you sit in a freezing cold
room which
she mentions in the same video later in
the video she suggests that you you sit
in a you make your whole house colder to
lose weight yes
suffering in the cold burns calories
suffering by drinking freezing cold
water between ice water is an incredibly
ineffective method of burning calories
and incredibly ineffective method of
losing weight so drinking one cup of ice
water takes time let's say you drink 10
cups of ice water
back-to-back that would give you a
whopping 80 calories burned right would
you maybe take 30 minutes do that sit
down and drink 10 cups of ice water
shocking your system sitting at a table
I'm guessing that's half an hour
can you think of a better way to lose
fat and gain muscle mass in a 30-minute
workout than sitting at a table drinking
freezing cold water can you think of a
method of exercise that burns more than
eight calories eight but we'll see talk
to your buddy and clear you skin as well
there's that word detox so just mention
it it's so easy to throw that in right
it's like right away
you've got pseudoscience what does detox
mean in what sense does lemon juice
detox your body in a sense that orange
juice does not what is the meaning of
the word detox like anyway sorry toxin
has a meaning toxin has a real meaning
but the word detox has obviously become
a meaningless watchword for anyone
trying to sell you any weight loss fad
diet it's a shame when G when G you've
gone over to the dark side I had so much
affection for you when G believe me
nobody could be more ready to accept a
Chinese Australian diet guru wearing cat
ears and a cut off skin tight shirt than
me believe me when G I was really eager
to accept you into the community of
successful diet gurus here on YouTube I
was I was ready to accept you but you
know when you get into this detox stuff
you know you're you're kind of crossing
a dotted line you you may not be aware
you're crossing
freshly squeezed lemon juice reduces
fluctuation in your daily blood sugar
levels 510 percent
and these trig advice are what leads to
tech aid okay so this is her first her
first claim that you can debunk or
challenge with a two-minute Google
search drinking lemon juice has an
effect on most people's digestive tract
that is often described and this is
straight lemon juice this is straight
bitter lemon juice
same thing with drinking straight
approximately the same thing there's a
difference with drinking straight
vinegar especially apple cider vinegar
some forms of vinegar rather than others
this has an effect on the stomach that
is often described as delaying digestion
a less flattering word would be
disrupted digestion straight lemon juice
no sugar added not that looted hard to
take straight vinegar hard to take
you're reacting to it in that way
already in your mouth it's not that
surprising that biologically it has a
little bit of an arresting effect on
your digestion it slows down a little
bit it gets a little bit disrupted um is
that a good thing for diabetics it is
maybe so some people struggling with
diabetes swear by the use of lemon juice
and the use of other extremely bitter
substances mostly vinegar certain types
of vinegar in terms of having this
effect and helping them to regulate
their blood sugar does that mean it'll
help you lose weight no [ __ ] are these
people who the [ __ ] are these 3 million
people who gave on YouTube and went to
wengie for help this [ __ ] it's less it's
less of a laughing matter
but guys you may have missed this this
core message of mine cuz it was on this
channel like eight months ago plus but
you know to me there's a big difference
between blaming durianrider blaming a
health guru like during writer and blame
me the audience and asking people why
are you ignoring the red flags that are
there durianrider had the honesty to
tell you guys he's been diagnosed with
schizophrenia he's been diagnosed with
bipolar disorder he had the honor he had
the honesty show you a lot of the red
flag
IIIi would still give him credit for
that he's talked about his struggles
with mental health he's talking about
his struggles with the medical
establishment with diagnosis and false
diagnoses he's had a lot of honest talk
and anyone who listens to that
objectively would recognize this is some
video I should not be taking diet advice
so it's separate question you know
there's there's blaming the Guru and
there's blaming the followers and in a
lot of these cases I think we got out we
got a question the followers
[Music]
I actually want to take this in a
slightly more constructive and useful
and meaningful direction now something
that's more important in my own life a
lot of people on the Internet
lie they straight-up lie and I've had a
lot of experience of that within the
vegan movement I've had a lot of
experience that even before I was on
YouTube a lot of experience that within
Buddhism within politics
human beings lie and part of maturing is
really gaining a feeling for a
sensitivity to that human propensity for
outright lies for outright false in okay
but a lot of what I see on the internet
is not people telling lies in the
strictest sense of the world it's people
telling you things that are true in a
way that's intentionally misleading okay
do you burn more calories by drinking
ice-cold water yes you burn 8:8 more
calories okay so it is true but this
video is incredibly misleading so it's
funny I mean I talk a lot on this
channel about the type of courage it
takes to really be honest the type of
courage it takes to keep it real to keep
it all the way real and I think you know
there's a question of that with weight
loss and weight gain there's a question
that with with health advice there are
vegans who come on camera and I
appreciate this and they really honestly
say when they became vegan they expected
to lose weight and instead they gained
weight my teacher here here in China I
inspired her to try a vegan diet and she
was really disappointed because when she
started even if he can diet she found
she was more hungry than she was used to
feeling and she was gaining weight
she was overeating because she's not
using she's been a mediator her whole
life she tries being vegan and it was
the results yet and I sympathized and I
talked her in a totally down-to-earth
way I'm not gonna lecture her and say oh
no that's impossible it's it's possible
you can't gain weight in a vegan diet no
no question even here in China this is a
Chinese vegan diet you know it takes a
certain type of courage to keep it real
it takes a certain type of courage to be
honest but it's also interesting because
there's a certain kind
courage that's required for the lie the
courage to lie the courage to tell a lie
and I guess one of the reasons why have
so much contempt for these people
whether it's the people making up gossip
and drama on a blog or people like
wengie here on youtube they neither have
the courage to be honest nor the courage
to tell a lie they're complete cowards
they're people of absolutely zero
intellectual integrity and they're
producing something that both has no
substance in terms of keeping it real
but they're also producing something
that doesn't have any of the redeeming
qualities of fiction I have fans I have
fans in this chat room right now who've
watched all 400 of my videos we are
getting any closer to each other if you
have the illusion after watching 400
videos that she came closer to me I
Venice yen you got to hear her outro I'm
gonna from now on I'm gonna I'm gonna
I'm not gonna try to imitate Wendy's
outro I'm just gonna directly steal do
trow from her video and use it in the
ending of all my videos why should i
reproduce perfection I'm obviously I'm
just gonna I'm just gonna directly quote
her
so much and I'll see you guys next week
bye love you
she puts her hands under her chin says I
miss you guys so much oh my god Oh again
I'm not even going to close up the video
I'm not gonna imitate that I'm just
gonna directly clip that piece of video
and put a virus yen